Gorenje Terms of Use.md, before:

# Gorenje Terms of Use

1. The information may only be used for research purposes. Portions of the data maybe copyrighted, and may also have commercial value as data, so you must be careful to use it only for research purposes.

2. Summaries, analyses and interpretations of the information may be derived and published, provided it is not possible to reconstruct the information from these summaries.

3. You are not permitted to publish any portion of the dataset (e.g. example post) other than summary statistics, or share it with anyone else.

4. We grant you the right to access the collection's content in the manner described in this agreement. You may not otherwise make unauthorized commercial use of, reproduce, prepare derivative works, distribute copies, perform, or publicly display the collection or parts of it.

5. You may present research findings concerning knowledge obtained using the collection provided that the aforementioned presentation is within the limits of this agreement. Any scientific publication derived from the use of this collection should explicitly refer to:

    G. Koporec and J. Perš, “Deep learning performance in the presence of significant occlusions - an intelligent household refrigerator case”, in Proceedings of the International Conference on Computer Vision Workshops, 2019, 0–0.

    G. Koporec and J. Perš, “Human-centered deep compositional model for handling occlusions”, 2nd revision in Pattern Recognition, 2022

6. You shall not use results obtained through the use of the collection for profitable purposes including advertisement and/or defamatory or slanderous purposes.

7. If we or the copyright holders request you to discontinue the use of the collection, or your use of the collection is deemed to be in violation of this agreement, you shall immediately discontinue use of the collection and promptly delete the collection and all data obtained by processing it from any computer or media onto which it has been copied.

Commit message:

Updated Terms of use and Copyright

Gorenje Terms of Use.md, after:

# Gorenje Terms of Use

**License** shall mean the understandings, terms and conditions for use as defined by this document.

**Licensor** shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the copyright owner that is granting the License.

**You** (or **Your**) shall mean an individual exercising the permission granted by this License.

**Collection** shall mean the HCDC 2022 Research Collection data including but not limited to software source code, documentation, configuration files, and dataset with images and annotations.

1. The Licensor is Gorenje, d. o. o.
2. The subject matter of this License is the Collection.
3. By accepting this License, you agree to comply with all the terms and conditions applicable to the specific product(s) included herein.
4. The Collection may only be used for research purposes. Portions of the Collection may be copyrighted, and may also have commercial value as data, so You must be careful to use it only for research purposes.
5. Summaries, analyses and interpretations of the Collection may be derived and published, provided it is not possible to reconstruct the Collection from these summaries.
6. You are not permitted to publish any portion of the Collection (e.g. example post) other than summary statistics, or share it with anyone else.
7. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, the Licensor grants You the right to access the Collection. You may not otherwise make unauthorized commercial use of, reproduce, prepare derivative works, distribute copies, perform, or publicly display the Collection or parts of it.
8. You may present research findings concerning knowledge obtained using the Collection provided that the aforementioned presentation is within the limits of the License. Any scientific publication derived from the use of the Collection should explicitly refer to:
a. G. Koporec and J. Perš, “Deep learning performance in the presence of significant occlusions - an intelligent household refrigerator case”, in Proceedings of the International Conference on Computer Vision Workshops, 2019, 0–0.
b. G. Koporec and J. Perš, “Human-centered deep compositional model for handling occlusions”, Pattern Recognition, 2022
9. You shall not use results obtained through the use of the Collection for profitable purposes including advertisement and/or defamatory or slanderous purposes.
10. If the Licensor request You to discontinue the use of the Collection, or Your use of the Collection is deemed to be in violation of this agreement, You shall immediately discontinue use of the Collection and promptly delete the Collection and all data obtained by processing it from any computer or media onto which it has been copied.
11. This License does not grant permission to use the trade names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Collection.
